(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] Eyesmon,
the Digimon who created a fake
Tokyo in the Digital World.
Digivolved into Orochimon.
(shrieks)
But the Digi-destined
worked together
to defeat this Ultimate Digimon.
(shrieks)
Then suddenly, a mysterious
countdown began in both the real
and fake Tokyo.
(ominous music)
Huh?
(Yuuko pants)
[Woman] What's this
countdown? Look!
(worried murmurs)
[Man] Is anyone else's
phone screen flashing?
[Man] Yeah mine is
too! What's going on?
(ominous music)
Slowly but surely, power is
coming back to our world.
But what does this
countdown mean?
Oh, no. That can't be good.
(Palmon whimpers)
(lightning crackles)
What's happening?
Don't tell me it
survived all of that.
You okay?
Yeah.
Keep your eyes open, everybody.
(panicked murmurs)
[Man] What's going on here?
Come check this out you guys
Huh?
A phenomenon similar
to that spark
is simultaneously occurring
in the real Tokyo too!
(sparking intensifies)
(grunts)
Uh-oh.
(gasps)
No way!
Then it is alive?!
(growls)
(whimpers)
This is bad!
There's tons of energy
flowing from our world,
straight into the
Digital world with us.
(energy whirs)
(all gasp)
(roars)
(alarm blares)
-(panicked murmurs)
-What on earth is going on?
Hot!
[Man] My phone is burning up!
(yelps) That hurts!
(roars)
(all gasp)
(ominous music)
(roars)
(all scream)
(grunts)
It says, "Unreadable."
(gasps)
I am Nidhoggmon,
a Mega Digimon that surpasses
the Ultimate Digimon.
What's a Mega Digimon?
One digivolve more.
A level higher than an Ultimate.
A Mega Digimon!!
(ethereal hum)
(alarm blares)
Huh?
Is that you, Matt?
(lightning sparks)
(ominous music)
(all gasp)
-Well, we tried.
-I'm burning up.
That Digimon...
There must be some correlation,
between heat, and
the energy he has.
All the Network Energy
used by Tokyo's disaster
up to this point
is now charging straight
into that Digimon!
O-okay, so what exactly
does all that mean, Izzy?
(both grunt)
It means that big Digimon
somehow managed to link
itself to our world.
Linked itself?
Which mean when the
countdown reaches zero
that Digimon's energy will
be released all at once!
And if that happens,
Tokyo will be annihilated!
(grunts)
Well then, Matt.
Agumon.
Alright.
Let's do this.
(groans weakly)
Whoa! You good?
Don't worry, Tai, I'm fine.
We have to stop him right here.
(all grunt)
(all gasp)
(alarm blare continues)
(panicked murmurs)
(people scream)
Kari! Kari!
(energy whirs)
(all groan)
Is everyone here still alive?
Yeah, I think we're okay.
So, those numbers
looking any better?
Two minutes left.
That's all we have.
What can we do?
(all gasp)
Come on, we can stop it!
Let's do this thing!
(both grunt)
The others are counting on us.
Yeah, we have to fight.
Let's go!
(all pant)
On it!
Gabumon!
(growls)
Agumon!
(grunts)
Ready, Tai?
(Digivice beeps)
Oh, yeah!
Agumon digivolve to...
Gabumon digivolve to...
Greymon!
Garurumon!
(upscale action music)
(grunts)
Howling Blaster!
Nova Blast!
(all cry out)
(ethereal hum)
(all scream)
(gasps)
(ethereal hum)
(cape flaps)
(all gasp)
Whoa! No way!
Omnimon!
That's Omnimon.
I remember! That's who stopped
the Tokyo Missile crises.
[All] What?!
You better act fast.
There's one minute left.
(dramatic action music)
(energy whirs)
Nidhoggmon's energy
level just keeps growing!
Look over there!
His power is
destroying everything!
(upscale action music)
(all gasp)
No! Only forty seconds left!
Come on, guys! You got this!
(roars)
(grunts)
(cannon blasts)
(ice crackles)
(all gasp)
It worked!
Wait.
I don't understand. Nidhoggmon's
energy level has increased?
(energy whirs)
And if this continues...
(ice cracks)
(all gasp)
(ominous music)
(energy whirs)
(all gasp)
That's it!
He's been storing
up that energy,
to release one big burst.
Oh, good for him.
Wait, what?!
(all gasp)
(grunts)
(Digivices whir)
(all grunt)
(gasps)
(both scream)
(all battle cry)
(all gasp)
(roars)
(alarm ceases)
(gasps)
What happened?
(crowd murmurs)
[Man] The countdown stopped.
My phone's isn't hot anymore.
But what in the
world was all that?
(upbeat music)
[Yuuko] Kari! Kari!
Kari!
Mom.
Thank goodness!
(Yuuko sobs)
(ethereal hum)
Hey, mom? You don't
need to worry about Tai.
Huh?
He's gonna be fine,
I just know it!
(chuckles)
Tokyo's countdown has also
stopped! We did it, you guys!
[All] Huh?
We're saved!
You hear that Gomamon?
(joyous laughs)
[Izzy] Now that
I think about it,
exactly who is this Omnimon?
(crashes)
(all gasp)
(heart beats)
(alarm blares)
Huh?!
No way!
What's wrong, Izzy?
Our countdown, it just...
(countdown beeps)
It hit zero!
(ominous music)
(all gasp)
(all whimper)
Biyomon!
Sora!
(all scream)
[Joe] Gomamon!
[Mimi] Palmon!
(screams)
Tentomon!
I wanna go home!
(grunts)
Oh, no, you guys!
(wind howls)
(heart beats)
(groans)
What happened?
What was that?
(groans)
I guess this means
everyone else is gone.
Agumon!
[Matt] You okay?
You guys are here, too?
When the fake Tokyo
started disappearing,
it was odd, I felt
a strange presence.
What do you mean?
(all gasp)
Now what's happening?
(wind howls)
(ominous music)
(grunts)
[Devimon] Your human world
is nothing but fodder.
The fabricated city may
have turned to ashes,
but the connection
between our worlds is fate
and cannot be altered.
Hey, you!
Were you the one behind
this knockoff Tokyo?
And that messed-up
stuff in our world?
Light exists only to be
swallowed by darkness.
Resistance equals death.
Where's the Celestial
Digimon?! Answer me!
(all yell)
(both grunt)
(all gasp)
(foreboding music)
I have a feeling before
all of this is over,
we'll be seeing him again.
(frustrated grunts)
At this rate,
I guess we can expect
something to happen again
in our world.
Yeah and we have to find
the others before it does.
(determined grunts)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the Digimon
Encyclopedia is Togemon!
This Digimon evolves from Palmon
and has a Needle Spray
move that shoots prickly,
hard needles, just like bullets!
Now, let's check this out!
I noticed that Togemon's eyes
and mouth look like Haniwa!
I always worry if any
sand builds up inside.
Actually, I'll have
to check that out!
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Tai and Matt sneak
into the enormous Bulbmon.
What hidden truth
awaits them inside?
[Tai] Next time on
Digimon Adventure:
"Fist of the Beast King!"
[Narrator] The adventure
continues to a new world.